The Delay/Disruption Tolerant Network Working Group (DTNWG) specifies
mechanisms for data communications in the presence of long delays and/or
intermittent connectivity. Delay-Tolerant Networking (DTN) protocols
have been the subject of extensive research and development in the
Delay-Tolerant Networking Research Group (DTNRG) of the Internet
Research Task Force since 2002.  The key documents are the DTN
Architecture  (RFC 4838), the Bundle Protocol (RFC 5050), Licklider
Transmission Protocol (RFC 5326) and convergence layers (RFC 7122,
7242). Multiple independent implementations exist for these technologies
and multiple deployments in space and terrestrial environments.  There
is an increase interest in the commercial world for these technologies,
for similar and different use cases, such as unmanned air vehicles.  In
this context, there is a need to update the base specifications, i.e.,
RFC 5050, RFC 7122, RFC 7242, RFC 6257 and RFC 6260,  based on the
deployment and implementation experience as well as the new use cases. 
Moreover, there is also a need to have standards track documents for the
market.

Therefore, the purpose of this working group is to update the base
specifications in light of implementation experience. The group shall
do a review of deployment problems and lessons learned, come to
consensus on the issues to be addressed in the base protocol
documents, and update the specifications accordingly. The group shall
not endeavour to change the underlying architecture or the bundle
protocol principle.

Work items are:

o  Agree to a list of use cases for evolving the DTN specifications and
    a list of work items to be worked on.

o  Create updates to RFC5050, convergence layer RFCs, and security
    (RFC6257), as standard track documents.

o  Document a registry for DTN Service Identifiers.
